#Ryan Zurrin'sLow Tech blog on blogging<a_recursive_thought>
Well this will actually be my third blog site really. My first site is ryanzurrin.com. I then created a wordpress site which has  a 
Essay blog that is going to be all my writing and research work while Im going through college as a computer science major. The first blog site ryanzurrin.com is hosted by weebly at the moment and is going to be about the learning process I go through and my general experience in school overall, especially coming from a house painter going to major in computer science is quite the change and I really feel that documenting the experience should be interesting and possibly even inspiring to anyone that is maybe a little older and affraid to make that leap into something different. Them are those two blogs and now I'm here trying to learn how to use this awesome site and to manage a flow in real time and hopefully Ill be learning how to contibute to real projects soon here. Just dont want to get too far ahead of myself seems I am not really a good coder yet and I'd probably end up doing more harm then good if I even attempted to make any changes of my own. So my intentions are to make this blog about my learning process into the realm of Blogging itself and especially the different otions between the different hosts out there, Git being one such host and this being the first blog on Blogging and technology i may as well start from what I got going on here, so git ready and git learning, Ryan Zurrin's non-technological Blog on Blogging is about to Hit and if you wanted a fully recursive experience then you have come to the right pleace because as the title states this blog is all about recursion and how its used all around us from the stretching of time throughout the universe to the spinning of atoms that make up the cells in your body. It all is able to exist because of recursion. How do I think you say? Well i am glad you asked, and we shall surely get there in due time of course but let us first discus the purpose of a blog.
